variableDescriptions.md, before:

# Table of Columns Extracted and Variable Names

Variable Name | Meaning
--------------|--------------
BodyAccelerationMeanX | Mean of Time-Domain Body Acceleration Signal X direction
BodyAccelerationMeanY | Mean of Time-Domain Body Acceleration Signal Y direction
BodyAccelerationMeanZ | Mean of Time-Domain Body Acceleration Signal Z direction
BodyAccelerationStdX | Standard Deviation of Time-Domain Body Acceleration Signal X direction
BodyAccelerationStdY | Standard Deviation of Time-Domain Body Acceleration Signal Y direction
BodyAccelerationStdZ | Standard Deviation of Time-Domain Body Acceleration Signal Z direction
GravityAccelerationMeanX | Mean of Time-Domain Gravity Acceleration Signal X direction
GravityAccelerationMeanY | Mean of Time-Domain Gravity Acceleration Signal Y direction
GravityAccelerationMeanZ | Mean of Time-Domain Gravity Acceleration Signal Z direction
GravityAccelerationStdX | Standard Deviation of Time-Domain Gravity Acceleration Signal X direction
GravityAccelerationStdY | Standard Deviation of Time-Domain Gravity Acceleration Signal Y direction
GravityAccelerationStdZ | Standard Deviation of Time-Domain Gravity Acceleration Signal Z direction
BodyAccelerationJerkMeanX | Mean of Time-Domain Body Accelerometer Jerk Signal X direction
BodyAccelerationJerkMeanY | Mean of Time-Domain Body Accelerometer Jerk Signal Y direction
BodyAccelerationJerkMeanZ | Mean of Time-Domain Body Accelerometer Jerk Signal Z direction
BodyAccelerationJerkStdX | Standard Deviation of Time-Domain Body Accelerometer Jerk Signal X direction
BodyAccelerationJerkStdY | Standard Deviation of Time-Domain Body Accelerometer Jerk Signal Y direction
BodyAccelerationJerkStdZ | Standard Deviation of Time-Domain Body Accelerometer Jerk Signal Z direction
BodyGyroscopeMeanX | Mean of Time-Domain Body Gyroscope Signal X direction
BodyGyroscopeMeanY | Mean of Time-Domain Body Gyroscope Signal Y direction
BodyGyroscopeMeanZ | Mean of Time-Domain Body Gyroscope Signal Z direction
BodyGyroscopeStdX | Standard Deviation of Time-Domain Body Gyroscope Signal X direction
BodyGyroscopeStdY | Standard Deviation of Time-Domain Body Gyroscope Signal Y direction
BodyGyroscopeStdZ | Standard Deviation of Time-Domain Body Gyroscope Signal Z direction
BodyGyroscopeJerkMeanX | Mean of Time-Domain Body Gyroscope Jerk Signal X direction
BodyGyroscopeJerkMeanY | Mean of Time-Domain Body Gyroscope Jerk Signal Y direction
BodyGyroscopeJerkMeanZ | Mean of Time-Domain Body Gyroscope Jerk Signal Z direction
BodyGyroscopeJerkStdX | Standard Deviation of Time-Domain Body Gyroscope Jerk Signal X direction
BodyGyroscopeJerkStdY | Standard Deviation of Time-Domain Body Gyroscope Jerk Signal Y direction
BodyGyroscopeJerkStdZ | Standard Deviation of Time-Domain Body Gyroscope Jerk Signal Z direction
BodyAccelerationMeanMagnitude | Mean of Time-Domain Body Acceleration Signal Magnitude
BodyAccelerationStdMagnitude |  Standard Deviation of Time-Domain Body Acceleration Signal Magnitude
GravityAccelerationMeanMagnitude | Mean of Time-Domain Gravity Acceleration Signal Magnitude
GravityAccelerationStdMagnitude | Standard Deviation of Time-Domain Gravity Acceleration Signal Magnitude
BodyAccelerationJerkMeanMagnitude | Mean of Time-Domain Body Accelerometer Jerk Signal Magnitude
BodyAccelerationJerkStdMagnitude | Standard Deviation of Time-Domain Body Accelerometer Jerk Signal Magnitude
BodyGyroscopeMeanMagnitude | Mean of Time-Domain Body Gyroscope Signal Magnitude
BodyGyroscopeStdMagnitude | Standard Deviation of Time-Domain Body Gyroscope Signal Magnitude
BodyGyroscopeJerkMeanMagnitude | Mean of Time-Domain Body Gyroscope Jerk Signal Magnitude
BodyGyroscopeJerkStdMagnitude | Standard Deviation of Time-Domain Body Gyroscope Jerk Signal Magnitude
BodyAccelerationFreqMeanX | Mean of Frequency-Domain Body Acceleration Signal X direction
BodyAccelerationFreqMeanY | Mean of Frequency-Domain Body Acceleration Signal Y direction
BodyAccelerationFreqMeanZ | Mean of Frequency-Domain Body Acceleration Signal Z direction
BodyAccelerationFreqStdX | Standard Deviation of Frequency-Domain Body Acceleration Signal X direction
BodyAccelerationFreqStdY | Standard Deviation of Frequency-Domain Body Acceleration Signal Y direction
BodyAccelerationFreqStdZ | Standard Deviation of Frequency-Domain Body Acceleration Signal Z direction
BodyAccelerationJerkFreqMeanX | Mean of Frequency-Domain Body Accelerometer Jerk Signal X direction
BodyAccelerationJerkFreqMeanY | Mean of Frequency-Domain Body Accelerometer Jerk Signal Y direction
BodyAccelerationJerkFreqMeanZ | Mean of Frequency-Domain Body Accelerometer Jerk Signal Z direction
BodyAccelerationJerkFreqStdX | Standard Deviation of Frequency-Domain Body Accelerometer Jerk Signal X direction
BodyAccelerationJerkFreqStdY | Standard Deviation of Frequency-Domain Body Accelerometer Jerk Signal Y direction
BodyAccelerationJerkFreqStdZ | Standard Deviation of Frequency-Domain Body Accelerometer Jerk Signal Z direction
BodyGyroscopeFreqMeanX | Mean of Frequency-Domain Body Gyroscope Signal X direction
BodyGyroscopeFreqMeanY | Mean of Frequency-Domain Body Gyroscope Signal Y direction
BodyGyroscopeFreqMeanZ | Mean of Frequency-Domain Body Gyroscope Signal Z direction
BodyGyroscopeFreqStdX | Standard Deviation of Frequency-Domain Body Gyroscope Signal X direction
BodyGyroscopeFreqStdY | Standard Deviation of Frequency-Domain Body Gyroscope Signal Y direction
BodyGyroscopeFreqStdZ | Standard Deviation of Frequency-Domain Body Gyroscope Signal Z direction
BodyAccelerationFreqMeanMagnitude | Mean of Frequency-Domain Body Acceleration Signal Magnitude
BodyAccelerationFreqStdMagnitude | Standard Deviation of Frequency-Domain Body Acceleration Signal Magnitude
BodyAccelerationJerkFreqMeanMagnitude | Mean of Frequency-Domain Body Accelerometer Jerk Signal Magnitude
BodyAccelerationJerkFreqStdMagnitude | Standard Deviation of Frequency-Domain Body Accelerometer Jerk Signal Magnitude
BodyGyroscopeFreqMeanMagnitude | Mean of Frequency-Domain Body Gyroscope Signal Magnitude
BodyGyroscopeFreqStdMagnitude | Standard Deviation of Frequency-Domain Body Gyroscope Signal Magnitude
BodyGyroscopeJerkFreqMeanMagnitude | Mean of Frequency-Domain Body Gyroscope Jerk Signal Magnitude
BodyGyroscopeJerkFreqStdMagnitude | Standard Deviation of Frequency-Domain Body Gyroscope Jerk Signal Magnitude

Commit message:

Added Activity & Subject to variable description list

variableDescriptions.md, after:

# Description of Variables in New Data Set

Variable Name | Meaning
--------------|--------------
Activity | Label of Subject's Current Activity (Walking, Sitting, Standing, etc.)
Subject | Subject ID Number
BodyAccelerationMeanX | Mean of Time-Domain Body Acceleration Signal X direction
BodyAccelerationMeanY | Mean of Time-Domain Body Acceleration Signal Y direction
BodyAccelerationMeanZ | Mean of Time-Domain Body Acceleration Signal Z direction
BodyAccelerationStdX | Standard Deviation of Time-Domain Body Acceleration Signal X direction
BodyAccelerationStdY | Standard Deviation of Time-Domain Body Acceleration Signal Y direction
BodyAccelerationStdZ | Standard Deviation of Time-Domain Body Acceleration Signal Z direction
GravityAccelerationMeanX | Mean of Time-Domain Gravity Acceleration Signal X direction
GravityAccelerationMeanY | Mean of Time-Domain Gravity Acceleration Signal Y direction
GravityAccelerationMeanZ | Mean of Time-Domain Gravity Acceleration Signal Z direction
GravityAccelerationStdX | Standard Deviation of Time-Domain Gravity Acceleration Signal X direction
GravityAccelerationStdY | Standard Deviation of Time-Domain Gravity Acceleration Signal Y direction
GravityAccelerationStdZ | Standard Deviation of Time-Domain Gravity Acceleration Signal Z direction
BodyAccelerationJerkMeanX | Mean of Time-Domain Body Accelerometer Jerk Signal X direction
BodyAccelerationJerkMeanY | Mean of Time-Domain Body Accelerometer Jerk Signal Y direction
BodyAccelerationJerkMeanZ | Mean of Time-Domain Body Accelerometer Jerk Signal Z direction
BodyAccelerationJerkStdX | Standard Deviation of Time-Domain Body Accelerometer Jerk Signal X direction
BodyAccelerationJerkStdY | Standard Deviation of Time-Domain Body Accelerometer Jerk Signal Y direction
BodyAccelerationJerkStdZ | Standard Deviation of Time-Domain Body Accelerometer Jerk Signal Z direction
BodyGyroscopeMeanX | Mean of Time-Domain Body Gyroscope Signal X direction
BodyGyroscopeMeanY | Mean of Time-Domain Body Gyroscope Signal Y direction
BodyGyroscopeMeanZ | Mean of Time-Domain Body Gyroscope Signal Z direction
BodyGyroscopeStdX | Standard Deviation of Time-Domain Body Gyroscope Signal X direction
BodyGyroscopeStdY | Standard Deviation of Time-Domain Body Gyroscope Signal Y direction
BodyGyroscopeStdZ | Standard Deviation of Time-Domain Body Gyroscope Signal Z direction
BodyGyroscopeJerkMeanX | Mean of Time-Domain Body Gyroscope Jerk Signal X direction
BodyGyroscopeJerkMeanY | Mean of Time-Domain Body Gyroscope Jerk Signal Y direction
BodyGyroscopeJerkMeanZ | Mean of Time-Domain Body Gyroscope Jerk Signal Z direction
BodyGyroscopeJerkStdX | Standard Deviation of Time-Domain Body Gyroscope Jerk Signal X direction
BodyGyroscopeJerkStdY | Standard Deviation of Time-Domain Body Gyroscope Jerk Signal Y direction
BodyGyroscopeJerkStdZ | Standard Deviation of Time-Domain Body Gyroscope Jerk Signal Z direction
BodyAccelerationMeanMagnitude | Mean of Time-Domain Body Acceleration Signal Magnitude
BodyAccelerationStdMagnitude |  Standard Deviation of Time-Domain Body Acceleration Signal Magnitude
GravityAccelerationMeanMagnitude | Mean of Time-Domain Gravity Acceleration Signal Magnitude
GravityAccelerationStdMagnitude | Standard Deviation of Time-Domain Gravity Acceleration Signal Magnitude
BodyAccelerationJerkMeanMagnitude | Mean of Time-Domain Body Accelerometer Jerk Signal Magnitude
BodyAccelerationJerkStdMagnitude | Standard Deviation of Time-Domain Body Accelerometer Jerk Signal Magnitude
BodyGyroscopeMeanMagnitude | Mean of Time-Domain Body Gyroscope Signal Magnitude
BodyGyroscopeStdMagnitude | Standard Deviation of Time-Domain Body Gyroscope Signal Magnitude
BodyGyroscopeJerkMeanMagnitude | Mean of Time-Domain Body Gyroscope Jerk Signal Magnitude
BodyGyroscopeJerkStdMagnitude | Standard Deviation of Time-Domain Body Gyroscope Jerk Signal Magnitude
BodyAccelerationFreqMeanX | Mean of Frequency-Domain Body Acceleration Signal X direction
BodyAccelerationFreqMeanY | Mean of Frequency-Domain Body Acceleration Signal Y direction
BodyAccelerationFreqMeanZ | Mean of Frequency-Domain Body Acceleration Signal Z direction
BodyAccelerationFreqStdX | Standard Deviation of Frequency-Domain Body Acceleration Signal X direction
BodyAccelerationFreqStdY | Standard Deviation of Frequency-Domain Body Acceleration Signal Y direction
BodyAccelerationFreqStdZ | Standard Deviation of Frequency-Domain Body Acceleration Signal Z direction
BodyAccelerationJerkFreqMeanX | Mean of Frequency-Domain Body Accelerometer Jerk Signal X direction
BodyAccelerationJerkFreqMeanY | Mean of Frequency-Domain Body Accelerometer Jerk Signal Y direction
BodyAccelerationJerkFreqMeanZ | Mean of Frequency-Domain Body Accelerometer Jerk Signal Z direction
BodyAccelerationJerkFreqStdX | Standard Deviation of Frequency-Domain Body Accelerometer Jerk Signal X direction
BodyAccelerationJerkFreqStdY | Standard Deviation of Frequency-Domain Body Accelerometer Jerk Signal Y direction
BodyAccelerationJerkFreqStdZ | Standard Deviation of Frequency-Domain Body Accelerometer Jerk Signal Z direction
BodyGyroscopeFreqMeanX | Mean of Frequency-Domain Body Gyroscope Signal X direction
BodyGyroscopeFreqMeanY | Mean of Frequency-Domain Body Gyroscope Signal Y direction
BodyGyroscopeFreqMeanZ | Mean of Frequency-Domain Body Gyroscope Signal Z direction
BodyGyroscopeFreqStdX | Standard Deviation of Frequency-Domain Body Gyroscope Signal X direction
BodyGyroscopeFreqStdY | Standard Deviation of Frequency-Domain Body Gyroscope Signal Y direction
BodyGyroscopeFreqStdZ | Standard Deviation of Frequency-Domain Body Gyroscope Signal Z direction
BodyAccelerationFreqMeanMagnitude | Mean of Frequency-Domain Body Acceleration Signal Magnitude
BodyAccelerationFreqStdMagnitude | Standard Deviation of Frequency-Domain Body Acceleration Signal Magnitude
BodyAccelerationJerkFreqMeanMagnitude | Mean of Frequency-Domain Body Accelerometer Jerk Signal Magnitude
BodyAccelerationJerkFreqStdMagnitude | Standard Deviation of Frequency-Domain Body Accelerometer Jerk Signal Magnitude
BodyGyroscopeFreqMeanMagnitude | Mean of Frequency-Domain Body Gyroscope Signal Magnitude
BodyGyroscopeFreqStdMagnitude | Standard Deviation of Frequency-Domain Body Gyroscope Signal Magnitude
BodyGyroscopeJerkFreqMeanMagnitude | Mean of Frequency-Domain Body Gyroscope Jerk Signal Magnitude
BodyGyroscopeJerkFreqStdMagnitude | Standard Deviation of Frequency-Domain Body Gyroscope Jerk Signal Magnitude
